{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21840\viewh13000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Github Lab 1: Collaborate 
\b0\fs28 \
Instructions: In this lab we will play a game of literary \'91exquisite corpse\'92. The idea is we will write a story where each student writes one paragraph of the story based on the last paragraph. \
\
For this assignment please edit this file by opening it into a text program like TextEdit / Microsoft Word. Please keep the story PG. No use of cursing, racism, sexist, homophobia, intense graphic violence imagery, overt sexual speech will be tolerated. When you start your paragraph please write your name at the top.\
\
When you are done with the paragraph please separate your section by using the a line of underscores. You can do this by holding shift + hypen (-)\

\b\fs36 \
The City of San Francisco
\b0\fs28 \
David Hurwich\
\
Mary ran to catch the Muni bus. She was very excited to start her first day at Twitter in downtown San Francisco. As she got on the bus she viewed as an old man with a big cowboy hat got on the bus.\
\
_______________________________\
\
\
Kon Suwannop\
\
The bus was quite empty. There were couple peoples on the bus. A lady with a chihuahua on her lap was sitting in the last row and an middle age guy on his wheel chair in the priority area. Mary choose to sit at the window seat in the row in front of the lady.\
\
_______________________________\
Gia Vu\
\
Mary was working late last night. She attempted to take a nap on the bus. However, she noticed some weird smell. She looked around and notice that no one seemed to mind. She decided to keep her eyes shut. \
_______________________________
\fs70 \

\fs36 Joe Student
\fs70 \

\fs36 \
Mary closed her eyes and we she awoke she noticed that the bus was parked outside of the city dump.}